### Transactly UI/UX Challenge

##### Description:
Build a simple todo application that interacts with a NodeJS JSON-RPC 2.0 API. The application can be as simple or feature rich as you want.

##### Requirements:
- Must use React, Vue, or Angular2+
- CSS frameworks like Bootstrap or Material Design are optional
- Maximum of three npm dependencies (not counting React, Vue, Angular2+, Bootstrap, or any build tools such as Gulp or Webpack)
- Must not copy any code, markup, or styling from readily available online examples of todo applications
- Must keep the state of the todo list in sync with the API at all times (not counting UI state like "hide archived todos"). For example, a task that is "checked" on the frontend should have this property set to true on the backend

##### Bonus:
- NOTE: Any dependencies added in support of a bonus feature will not count towards the dependency limit
- Extend the API to support things like... reminders, due dates, recurring todos, tags, separate lists, etc.
- Implement a frontend state container such as Redux or MobX (won't count towards npm dependency limit)
- Create separate RESTful endpoints that replicate the functionality of the RPC endpoints
- Persist your todo list to a real database, rather than an in-memory array
- Add better error handling to the API
- README that explains how to run your app, as well as an explanation of the application architecture and why you made certain decisions or chose certain tools

##### API Documentation:
Overview: The API is setup to run on port 3005 and follows the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification. Start the server by running `node index.js`. Below is an example of how you might interact with one of the endpoints:
```
$ HDR='Content-type: application/json'
$ MSG='{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "method": "addTodo", "id": 1, "params": {"description": "Pickup the dry cleaning"}}'
$ curl -H $HDR -d $MSG http://localhost:3005
==> {"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":1,"result":{"description":"Pickup the dry cleaning","id":"H1KN6IWGX","checked":false,"archived":false}}
```

Out of the box, a standard todo is comprised of four properties. This structure can be extended or modified however you wish.
- description (string)
- id (string, auto-generated by the API)
- checked (boolean, API will default to false if not provided)
- archived (boolean, API will default to false if not provided)

Methods:
- getTodoList()
- getTodo(id)
- addTodo(todo)
- deleteTodo(id)
- checkTodo(id)
- uncheckTodo(id)
- archiveTodo(id)
- unarchiveTodo(id)

To interact with the API, you may use [jayson](https://github.com/tedeh/jayson), a JSON-RPC compliant AJAX library. Alternatively, you could use a more generic AJAX library such as [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) or [request](https://github.com/request/request), and if you're struggling to stay under the dependency limit, the built-in browser [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) is always an option.
